Tenants need a bit of extra love for Slack (#1678)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-appsec-platform/slack.md

:::info Prerequisites
* You must be a Slack **Workspace Owner** to set up the Semgrep Slack app.

> * **Single-tenant Semgrep AppSec Platform**: Reach out to your Technical Account Manaegr (TAM) to ensure your instance is has been configured for the Semgrep Slack app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Single-tenant Semgrep AppSec Platform**: Reach out to your Technical Account Manager (TAM) to ensure your instance has been configured for the Semgrep Slack app.
```

Author: omg thank you. what a dumb typo ololol
